Update the Mobile Subscription Language (#400)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money/README.md

#### Subscription

> If you are using your personal device for business-related matters, we will reimburse up to 100 USD. In some countries and localities, reimbursement of a personal phone plan for business use is considered a taxable benefit. It is your responsibility to ensure that you comply with local tax laws when filing your taxes. Positions or roles where mobile reimbursement may be needed include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using your personal device for business-related matters, we will reimburse up to 100 USD. In some countries/regions, reimbursement of a personal phone plan for business use is considered a taxable benefit. It is your responsibility to ensure that you comply with local tax laws when filing your taxes. Positions or roles where mobile reimbursement may be needed include the following:
```
